our next guest Jackie Mike Cody grew up
surrounded by authentic flavors of real
Italian cooking it was in her
grandmother's kitchen where she
developed a passion for food and the
Italian culture well Jack LaLanne Mike
Oni is the author of celebrate Italian
style and she's here today Jackie
welcome back so nice to see you again
we should mention too that your teacher
and you've got the day off I do teacher
all right Bailey right yeah we're so
happy to have you back let's talk about
what you're teaching us to make today
we're gonna be making penne alla vodka
Oh yummy and this is this recipe that's
actually in your book it's in my book of
course I doctored it up a little bit so
this one's a little bit different than
the one that's in the book but it's so
right around the same okay so there's a
secret ingredient you're not going to be
giving away so what are the ingredients
where should we begin your recipe okay
right now we have about a half a stick
of butter that's already melted okay
we're going to add about a quarter cup
of extra-virgin olive oil
perfect you're then going to throw in
that is true.you and pancetta prosciutto
stood out two slices all cut up and
pancetta is Italian bacon okay so we're
gonna throw that right in and we're
going to let it start to brown up turn
it up a little bit and this is something
I'm sure anybody can kind of make yeah
it's really easy it's really easy it has
you know a couple ingredients but you
know what it you let it simmer and it's
good to go
sounds good garlic Aloka and how much do
you recommend I have two cloves of
garlic do you close it garlic you have
anything with garlic okay yes beautiful
okay that's there and you're gonna wear
this kind of simmer a little bit okay
and you've got some other spices walk us
through these other spices I'm just
curious what we have here we have
sun-dried tomatoes I like the kind
that's in oil just because they're a
little bit easier to work with and a
little bit easier to cut you can get the
ones that are already just dried out
those ones you'll find any like the
vegetable aisle right but these ones
would be with your marinated vegetables
like marinated mushrooms and that kind
of stuff
perfect I'm so I have five of those you
can throw those right on in detail about
I don't know that I think I've said
right tomatoes oh I like that
interesting twist whatever my little
twist okay
and then you're gonna throw and that's a
half a teaspoon of crushed red pepper
okay throw that in there yeah it's a
spice okay and I have about two
tablespoons of fresh parsley and if you
want to use dried you just use one
tablespoon okay perfect so that in there
throw it right in okay perfect and then
we have one can of crushed tomatoes that
were throwing all right here we go one
can question me do I got it now yup dump
it right in and are we cooking this a
medium heat kind of like yep right
between low and medium and you want to
keep it out of simmer
okay and what you're gonna do is we're
not going to spill it okay you're gonna
let this simmer for about fifteen to
twenty minutes okay so we're gonna put
that aside so we're actually
fast-forwarding as we are fast-forward
it's on the Connecticut style so she
knows we had a fast forty are so weird
like that 20 minutes yep okay and we
have our next step okay which is we
already have something that's been
simmering for a little bit yep and we
are gonna get our creams in our vodka
okay creams in our vodka oh wow she's
roof okay and we need our half a cup
there half a cup there okay we're gonna
use 1/2 a cup of everything okay
perfect first so would it be pouring in
wait about 1/2 a cup of heavy cream okay
half a cup of heavy cream
uh-huh okay and this one is light clean
yep okay half a cup of light cream all
right it in okay and then we have our
half a cup of vodka oh that's all okay
here we go and we're gonna jump that in
there yeah it just gives it an extra
flavor I mean this is it this dish isn't
like a your classic Italian dish it's
not like one that came from centuries
ago it's a relatively new one to be
honest my grandmother never made it it
wasn't something that she made but it's
one of the newer in terms of Italian
cooking but it's whoever figured it out
it's pretty good so now we're gonna let
that sit for about 20 minutes cuz you
want the alcohol to cook off you don't
want to be taking bite full of vodka
right um so you want to let it simmer
down and cook off so while we let that
cook we're gonna now make some chicken
cutlets okay perfect first thing we're
gonna do we're gonna turn up the heat a
little bit to get our oil going you
could add a little bit more oil to that
that'll be maybe about a quarter cup
okay now I doctor up my breadcrumbs what
I was about a cup and a half of seasoned
breadcrumbs okay I add a half a cup of
Parmesan cheese okay
good kind of fun I have about 2
teaspoons of Italian seasoning beautiful
and what else waters fat your pepper
which red to this side okay here we go
and toss that a little bit of salt and
pepper okay
I'm sure it's kind of to taste I mean
you can absolutely yeah okay chicken
cutlets we're just gonna toss in there
we are gonna dip them in eggs first
because we want the breadcrumbs to stick
in this recipe we're making it would be
how many um this one would definitely
feed six to eight people oh okay they
have small appetite yeah alright so now
we've already dipped it in here at both
sides both sides okay and you're gonna
put it in there we're gonna cook it
right here is any games we're against
the clock the idea is we want to
definitely make sure that it's brown and
cooked my wives around it takes about
three minutes on each side you want thin
cutlets I Chih I buy the ones that are
already nice and trimmed because I
absolutely despise having to cut off all
the fat on the chicken so okay I get the
ones that are already all nice and done
for me or that way and they're nice and
thin so they're much easier to cook with
so why don't we do this can you plate up
the one you've got some orange dipping
this oil we at least have this because
we got a full house in here we've got
people waiting to buy this and we've got
hair stylist here and everybody wants to
answer I would let you plate that up
we're gonna get a shot of that in just a
second however folks at home if you want
to try this recipe Jackie my Coney
course is author of this fabulous
fabulous book I should say celebrate
Italian style and her recipe will be on
our website wtnh.com click on
and so we put a beautiful quick shot of
this finished fabulous product thank you
so much you're something else your
problem we love you thank you so much -
that is what's wrong I like a little bit
of harm and as she does now thank you so
much for your welcome thank you take a
quick break everybody and we'll be right
back we are with sister salon and spa
we're talking about hair extensions and
Connecticut salary's hair and stick
around everybody
you